Today is Tuesday, 2018-04-17, and I'm about to apply for admission to Western Governors University (WGU).  I have to select a major, which will have implications, some of which are unforeseeable, for my future happiness and comfort.

Ideally, the major area of study will prepare me, set me up, for earning a comfortable living for myself and Helen, while performing a satisfying job of work.

Here are the WGU College of Information Technology majors:
B.S. Computer Science
+B.S. Cybersecurity and Information Assurance
++B.S. Data Management / Data Analytics
B.S. Information Technology
+B.S. Cloud and Systems Administration
+B.S. Network Operations and Security
++B.S. Software Development
-B.S. Health Information Management
-B.S. Business -- Information Technology Management


Positive associations
---------------------
My dream job would be as a research assistant, because I deeply love science and feel it allows us to bring goodness to the world; so I strongly consider Data Management / Data Analytics.

I love systems, and building and maintaining systems (though I have a fear of the responsibility to others -- I guess really I fear the social pressure, the displeasure of others), so I strongly consider Network Ops and Security, and Cloud and Systems Admin.

I am intrigued by Spy vs. Spy, and I recognize the importance of privacy and data integrity (though I have a fear of the difficulty of staying current), so I strongly consider Cybersecurity and Information Assurance.

I want to build cool things, and coding is fundamental to everything else, so I strongly consider Software Development.


Negative associations
---------------------
Having helped my mother with her hospital visits, I have a new appreciation for Health Info Management, but it doesn't sing to me.  Same with Business IT Management -- it sounds like meetings.


Neutral associations
--------------------
Computer Science in general, and Information Technology in general, both sound like things I'd enjoy; and I'd be happy to have them as degrees, and I'd be happy to have a job using those skills.


I can see from the way I marked the list that I'm leaning in favor of Data Mgmt / Data Analytics or Software Development.  I have a suspicion that Software Development will be seen as a young man's game -- in other words, I think it might be tough for me, at the age of 55 (when I finish the degree) to find work as a dev.

So, should I simply apply for admission to the DM/DA program?  Or should I read all the different class and compare them?
Well, if I'm drawn to research, then I should do the research, right?  Spreadsheet time.

